DOC - rearrange ``benchopt`` documentation (#619)
benchopt/benchopt: doc/index.rst

Benchopt is a package to make the comparison of optimizations algorithms simple, transparent and reproducible.
*—Making your optimization benchmarks simple and open—*

It is written in Python but is available with
`many programming languages <auto_examples/plot_run_benchmark_python_R.html>`_.
So far it has been tested with `Python <https://www.python.org/>`_,
`R <https://www.r-project.org/>`_, `Julia <https://julialang.org/>`_
and compiled binaries written in C/C++ available via a terminal
command.
If a solver can be installed via
`conda <https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/>`_, it should just work in benchopt!

Benchopt is used through a command line as documented
in the :ref:`cli_documentation`.
Once benchopt is installed, running and replicating an optimization benchmark is **as simple as doing**:
|Python 3.6+| |PyPI version| |License|

.. prompt:: bash $
Benchopt is a benchmarking suite for optimization algorithms.
It is built for simplicity, transparency, and reproducibility.
It is implemented in Python but can run algorithms written in many programming languages.

    git clone https://github.com/benchopt/benchmark_logreg_l2
    benchopt install --env ./benchmark_logreg_l2

>     benchopt run --env ./benchmark_logreg_l2

Reviewer: I would keep this and the following figure in the front page.

``Benchopt``
=============

*—Making your optimization benchmarks simple and open—*

|Python 3.6+| |PyPI version| |License|

Benchopt is a benchmarking suite for optimization algorithms.
It is built for simplicity, transparency, and reproducibility.
It is implemented in Python but can run algorithms written in many programming languages.

> Reproducing a benchmark should be as easy as running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reproducing an existing benchmark should be as easy as running
```

.. prompt:: bash $
   
   benchopt run . --config ./example_config.yml

.. figure:: https://benchopt.github.io/_images/sphx_glr_plot_run_benchmark_001.png
   :align: center
   :width: 70 %

> Learn that and more

Reviewer: Maybe missing a link on the front page referencing the fact that many benchmarks already exists.

```suggestion
There are already many :ref:`available_benchmarks` that have been created using benchopt.
Learn how to run them and how to construct your own with the following pages!
```
